borrow a line from mrs. Potts tail is
oldest I'm really sold as mario kart you
take your characters whatever franchise
you may have and put them in go-karts
ever since the Tendo did it everyone
else has done it's a fast way to make a
game that instantly appeals to two
different audiences fans of your
franchise and fans of Mario Kart so if
you like digimon and mario kart holy
crap is words that not your like I'll
just play Mario Kart thanks
release that's how I felt Digimon racing
isn't a bad game it actually does a lot
of things pretty well but the one place
where it falls short happens to be the
most important place when it comes to a
kart racer the handling the actual
driving mechanics if you're used to how
the Mario Kart games play with a tight
steering and you know tires that have
traction yeah you can just forget all
about those this one's more like the
original Mario Kart for those drifty
feelings nice sliding physics only way
more slide II listen to me sliding
that's all this thing plays at the make
up adjectives just to describe it
so uh yeah not not a big fan of how the
cards handle unfortunately the game gets
a lot of other things right for starters
the environments are cool cliched but
cool
they're from jungles to mountains to
snow levels to volcanoes all the terrain
you'd expect but all well done the track
design is actually pretty good too in
fact if the carts were tighter I'd be
all over this game the tracks remind me
of those classics from the original
Mario Kart in the ghost house of
Bowser's Castle pretty good stuff
one of the interesting things about
Digimon racing is the way it organizes
its cups so you know how in Mario Kart
like each Cup has its own courses
well Digimon racing has a lot fewer
tracks but what it does is you know
sometimes put certain tracks in multiple
cups it's like you know this snowy
mountain it's in the frozen Cup it's
also in the Mountain Cup now it's kind
of a cheap way to add more cups but it
it also adds more cups and it's cool
it's like it's like grouping horses
based on similar characteristics so even
though tracks repeat the cups do have
their own feel but you know one area
where Mario Kart clones always seem to
fall short is the weapons Digimon racing
is no different there are items you can
use but the Kart combat is never as well
done as Mario Kart some of the weapons
are really unbalanced and sometimes
you're actually thrown off the course by
them and you end up facing backwards
that's not fair even for a car racer
speaking of which the rubber-banding in
this game is ridiculous you're in last
place on the final lap everyone seems to
pop a tire so you can place if you're in
first place holy balls it's like the
cops are coming and someone strapped a
kilo of Colombian bambam under your cart
they're all over you so that gets
annoying real quick
though soon the carts handle like
freaking jello with wheels this is easy
by the way I can't even imagine what
happens on the next difficulty your game
boy just digivolve arms punches you in
the deck if they gave out awards for
originality Digimon racing would not get
one from the basic design to the freakin
mode 7 this is like a clone of clones of
Mario Kart that's not to say it doesn't
have its moments because it does
especially if you're a Digimon fan and
you don't mind the drifting mechanics in
that case there's a lot to like about
this game cool levels fun track designs
and their even boss battles so that's
awesome but if you're looking for a good
kart racer as opposed to just a passable
Digimon cart racer this one's not gonna
do it for you I mean unless it means
leaving you frustrated and wanting to
just play Mario Kart that case Digimon
racing does precisely that